[Music]
hi sharon
have a seat thanks sam it's almost ready
what's for brunch oh no pasta
you can't cook pasta i'm trying to lose
weight relax
dear it's sunday here
try some what about salt
good i guess i can eat it this time the
salty is okay
do you like cooking why don't you cook
lunch for us sometime
i love cooking but it takes time and
i can't cook every day well cooking's
not
my favorite hobby but i'm the only one
who knows how to cook in this flat
i can imagine i really love baking cakes
hmm that's true i remember now
and i love your cakes thanks adam but
cooking is my only hobby i love going to
the cinema and reading as well
i love being busy so i don't have time
to think too much
think about what about what's missing in
my life
but let's talk about something else so
if you like movies there's a good film
on at the cinema tonight
how about going together that's a good
idea let's ask jack
too hi jack
good morning look at this picture of
beck nicholson windsurfing
i know him can you windsurf yes
i'm not great but i can win surf a
little
i like windsurfing on summer holidays
and what about you
no i'm afraid i can't but i can swim
pretty well
it's a great sport what sports do you
like doing
well i can play tennis but i'm not very
good at it
oh i can play chess very well chess
that's not a sport
that's a hobby oh it's a sport can you
play chess
no i don't like playing cards chess or
other table games
so what do you do during the winter well
i go to the gym oh i can play basketball
pretty well
i can also do a little karate that's
interesting
i can do a little karate as well
where do you go i like going to the
karate gym on 14th street
oh interesting i'm looking for a gym
why don't we go there together i'm
usually free on saturdays
sure but i never go on saturday
it's the only day i have to spend time
with sharon
i usually go on friday afternoons but
now i'm so nervous about my audition i
don't have time for the gym
and for sharon too she's getting pretty
angry
well if you want i could take her out
sometimes
ah jack you're such a good friend maybe
you can help me with my audition too
all right hi
sharon how are you
i'm fine too well i'm alone
ann is out for a business meeting
oh peter is too oh he's at an audition
today well
why don't we have lunch together
now yes
yes no something simple
okay great
hi jack what's up oh you're here
um i'm preparing lunch ann
is out and sharon is coming great i'm
hungry
hi jack hi
alice is here yeah she's in her room
i'm sorry about that
i would like to be alone with you
but you know yeah
i know okay
sharon i'm the cook what would you like
why don't you cook some pasta sounds
good
what kind of pasta do you have well we
have macaroni
uh spaghetti let's have lasagna
that's too much work shall we have
spaghetti
great excellent with spaghetti with meat
sauce
great and how about having some wine
with lunch
oh it's the middle of the day i have to
work later
let's just have some mineral water fine
mineral water it is
and what about a salad too a nice green
salad
with tomatoes and onions your wish is my
command
and about my wish i want wine
well here's some red wine for you
thanks and do we have any rolls
no but there's a loaf of bread great
we're set
what's on tonight um
just a moment can you hand me the tv
guys here you are
what would you like to watch let's watch
a documentary ah documentaries are
boring
why don't we watch l.a kids please
more soap operas i can't stand soap
operas
how about watching
the news fine let's watch the news and
then maybe a film
right that's a good compromise
shall we make something to eat what
would you like
how about some sandwiches tuna fish
sandwiches
okay tuna fish sandwiches why don't you
go and prepare them for all of us
all right it's my turn now
why what do you mean
we had lunch with sharon today and jack
was the cook
oh
what a piece of news and what would you
like to drink
let's have a beer great
we've got some good lager in the fridge
tv sandwiches and a beer paradise
hello everybody hi peter enjoy
paradise guys great news today
oh right the audition
so have you got the part well
yes and no i mean they want to see me
for a second call
oh great let's celebrate it oh
wait wait don't move napkins
oh guys what about my celebration oh
shut up peter okay okay fast
we're losing it oh please don't be
stupid
this is a serious problem how about
having some
pizza great idea
let's go
[Applause]
food food food all they think about
is food
hi alice what are you doing
i'm just relaxing a bit watching some tv
what's on i'm watching the news
so what's happening in the world
the usual politicians are trying to
pretend they know what they are doing
alice you are such a skeptic
that's the way i am
what's that it's a book i'm reading
what's it about it's a story about a
woman
a young woman who can't stand her father
that sounds interesting yes
it's not that bad
hello hey it's me alice what's wrong
do you want to talk about it no i'm so
tired now
i'm going to bed good night
night
what are you doing i'm connecting to the
internet because i need to send an email
who are you sending an email to to my
boss
in america he needs the weekly report
immediately
why because he has a meeting with the
shareholders tomorrow morning
what's happening with the laptop
the internet connection isn't working
very well
sometimes it happens with my computer
too
do you have a suggestion
[Music]
usually peter lends me his computer
is peter at home no i think there's only
sharon
okay i'm going anyway
yes i am listening to you yes
i'm listening who is she talking to
um i don't know i guess it's her father
just a moment what do you want nothing
it's four o'clock in the morning is
everything all right alice
it's none of your business excuse us
sorry to interrupt listen i know it's
late
i'm sorry but i'm talking to my father
he's in boston now
it's nine o'clock then
what what do you want
i'm not tired anymore
neither am i
what about eating something i don't know
i'm not really hungry
i'm going on the internet to chat with a
friend in italy
would you like to join me
now that i'm not sleeping anymore
would you like to see him how
i have pictures of him on my computer
and you know what he can see you too
with the webcam what oh my gosh
no please i'm horrible now
but no you're not and besides
he might be interested why
do you think i need a boyfriend
fine i'm looking forward to seeing you
bye-bye
oh my god okay guys
don't panic what
we have to be strong and try to keep
calm
what are you talking about she's coming
tomorrow morning
who for god's sake aren't mary the owner
of the flat
so what you're auntie what's so terrible
about her
let me explain imagine me
in 50 years you mean you
old with your manias your cleaning
obsessions
oh my god okay okay don't panic
so what do we have to do let me see
what do you have scheduled for today
well today is a busy day
i have to finish my painting no way
painting means brushes colors
dirt and mess everywhere as for me
let's check my date book date book
i don't believe it you mean you don't
have a pda
please alice i have a program on my
laptop
i don't need a pda as well i'm just
surprised
that's all you're usually highly
technological
that's not entirely true i like to use
paper and pen as well
okay leave it guys let's go straight
to the point what's on your schedule
today i'm meeting a client from four to
five
and then i'm going to the mall why are
you going to the mall
i want to buy a new modem for my pc a
new
modem that's not exactly business
yes well there's something wrong with
mine
okay maybe it's not that important
i can go tomorrow morning
that's very kind of you jack
well let me see i've got
a list with all your duties here
but what is it it's
always with me for emergencies you know
just like this one jack
at your orders general you have to
clean up the kitchen you're washing the
dishes
cleaning the oven and the fridge
the burners and the basin
oh and finally you have to sweep and mop
the floor
i'm ready oh and obviously
you have to clean your bedroom too oh
sounds exciting
alice you have to clean the living room
you have to throw all these magazines
out
put all the cds in order
clean up the carpet and dust the
furniture
do i have to mop the floor as well of
course
as for me i'm cleaning the bathroom
and all the windows
well i want you both in the living room
at half past six
for a detailed report okay yes sir
well done guys i'm
proud of you
neat and clean
rather stressful i know but at last
the flat is perfectly clean
yes but now it's us that needs to be
clean
excuse me
hello aunt mary
everything is ready for your arrival i'm
picking you up at the airport tomorrow
what really
oh i understand what a shame
oh no no not a problem at all
i i hope you get well soon
right bye-bye
so what oh
mary isn't coming anymore
she's got a call
[Music]
hey guys i've got the part
but what's happening here nothing
special
congratulations peter
so now remember there are five ways to
give compliments about uh sorry
to give compliments on somebody
appearance you can say
you can use you look okay you're
okay i love your and then you've got
or your things like that so you look you
look great
you look nice you look perfect
you look very handsome you look really
beautiful
you're okay you're and then remember we
add an adjective
here you're really sexy you're gorgeous
you're very good looking oh i love your
and then a body part um i love your hair
i love your eyes i love your chippy face
um you've got you've got and then
okay a beautiful things a beautiful body
part
you've got a great smile you've got
beautiful eyelashes uh or you can say
your and then your body part and then
you can add
some attractive so your hair looks
your hair looks great your skin is so
soft
your eyes are very beautiful how to
accept the compliments
you can say thank you all thanks
that's very kind of view or thanks it's
very nice of you to say so
or thanks for your compliments very easy
nice and then a now nice hat
nice shoes two
i love your and then now i love your
shirt
i love your high heels number three
i really like your and then and now i
really like your pants
i really like your hairstyle number four
uh you have a beautiful
and then singular now you have a
beautiful dress
you have a beautiful watch or for
bluer nails we don't use oh anymore we
just say
you have beautiful earrings you have
beautiful jeans
okay number five
what uh and then an adjective and then
now you have a lovely ring you have a
beautiful ring
okay you have a lovely ring you have a
lovely
skirt with remember uh
with singular noun but with blur nouns
we don't use uh we just say what
and then adjective and then now what
nice glasses what nice sneakers
or the same you can use for how
adjective your and then
a singular nail and then ease how
beautiful your necklace
is how beautiful your blouse is
and remember singular noun is
okay
and then for lure nouns
we use art how lovely your earrings are
how lovely your earrings are how lovely
your gloves are how lovely your gloves
are
and the last one number seven your
and then a noun is okay remember now
here it has to be a singular noun
because after that is
is your singular noun is
and then adjective your coat is
beautiful
your back is beautiful
and then for blur nouns
we use r okay your trainers
your trainers are nice your trousers are
nice
now how to accept
the compliments um usually
and easily we can say thanks
remember th thanks or
thank you or you can say
i'm glad you like it or you like them
if um people
if people give compliments on
you know on a thing that is a singular
nail for example
a coat a back uh necklace or blouse
that is a singular noun you say i'm glad
you like it okay collapsed
glad here is just happy glad glad
to d and y together we pronounce
just like job i'm glad you i'm glad you
like it i'm glad you like it but for
uh blurry nails like trousers trainers
gloves or earrings you would say
i'm glad you like them i'm glad you like
them
them like them i'm glad you like them
now number three thanks
but it's nothing special
that that means it's usual nothing
special at all
thanks that is nothing nothing
special don't say so
um special a lot of people now space you
know huh this
is sure okay
nothing special thanks but it's
nothing special remember if people give
compliments
about a singular noun like coat back
blouse necklace like this we would use
is okay thanks but it's nothing special
but if that is a blur nails like
trousers
trainers gloves earrings or things like
these ones
you can use thanks but
there they are they are nothing special
you can pronounce quickly there there
thanks but they are nothing special wish
i wish to have a million dollars do you
want to have a million dollars
i do she wished
she hadn't met him
brush i usually brush my teeth
three times a day brushed
he has his shoes brushed every two weeks
established my husband is going to
establish
his own company soon our english center
was established five years ago
rush there's no need to rush
we've still got lots of time
just remember that i don't like being
rushed
for the last one extinguish
the firefighters had to fight
four hours to extinguish the blaze
the flame was finally extinguished
so remember e d
up to s is pronounced
remember we have wished
brushed established
rushed and extinguished